If you are embarrassed
Just one day
Ok I'm your dad
I have a father
Then Papa Gu will bring you a small cake to eat well
Yoyo
Mom can find you a better and more handsome one.
A better dad
We don't need to stare at Mr. Gu alone
Mommy, what day is tomorrow? Have you forgotten?
I only have one wish.
Promise me
Mommy promised you would come
Which one do you want to eat?
This Forbidden City
Dad, I've made up my mind.
I want to go to the amusement park tomorrow
I want to go on a merry-go-round.
No, Mommy just saw a lot of people
You have to queue for at least half an hour.
Ooh, that's long!
I'll think about it.
I'm going to buy a water ah ok you go
Chen Dezhuo
Do something for me